1. Add Two Numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/
19. Remove Nth Node From End of List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/
21. Merge Two Sorted Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/
143. Reorder List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/
24. Swap Nodes in Pairs
https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/
61. Rotate List
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-list/
83. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/
82. Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/
00. Remove Duplicates from Unsorted linked list
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/remove-duplicates-from-an-unsorted-linked-list/1
206. Reverse Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/
92. Reverse Linked List II
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list-ii/
25. Reverse Nodes in k-Group
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-nodes-in-k-group/
001. K reverse linked list
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/k-reverse-linked-list/
002. Reverse Alternate K Nodes
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/reverse-alternate-k-nodes/
004. Even Reverse
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/even-reverse/
003. Kth Node From Middle
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/kth-node-from-middle/
138. Copy List with Random Pointer
https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer/
141. Linked List Cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/
142. Linked List Cycle II
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/
160. Intersection of Two Linked Lists
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/
203. Remove Linked List Elements
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-linked-list-elements/
234. Palindrome Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/
237. Delete Node in a Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/
328. Odd Even Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/
430. Flatten a Multilevel Doubly Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-a-multilevel-doubly-linked-list/
707. Design Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/design-linked-list/
876. Middle of the Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/
2095. Delete the Middle Node of a Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-the-middle-node-of-a-linked-list/
1290. Convert Binary Number in a Linked List to Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-binary-number-in-a-linked-list-to-integer/
148. Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/
86. Partition List
https://leetcode.com/problems/partition-list/
147. Insertion Sort List
https://leetcode.com/problems/insertion-sort-list/
