1. Search a 2D Matrix
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/
4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/
34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/
69. Sqrt(x)
https://leetcode.com/problems/sqrtx/
001. Implement Power Function
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/implement-power-function/
002. Rotated Array
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/rotated-array/
003. Rotated Sorted Array Search
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/rotated-sorted-array-search/
004. Sorted Insert Position
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/sorted-insert-position/
005. Allocate Books
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/allocate-books/
006. Painter's Partition Problem
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/painters-partition-problem/
007. Matrix Median
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/matrix-median/

008. Find Peak Element
https://www.interviewbit.com/problems/find-a-peak-element/ , https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/
153. Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/
33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/
333. Find the Missing Number in a sorted array
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-the-missing-number-in-a-sorted-array/
852. Peak Index in a Mountain Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/peak-index-in-a-mountain-array/


1011. Capacity To Ship Packages Within D Days
https://leetcode.com/problems/capacity-to-ship-packages-within-d-days/
1482. Minimum Number of Days to Make m Bouquets
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-days-to-make-m-bouquets/
1300. Sum of Mutated Array Closest to Target
https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-of-mutated-array-closest-to-target/
1283. Find the Smallest Divisor Given a Threshold
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-smallest-divisor-given-a-threshold/
875. Koko Eating Bananas
https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/
887. Super Egg Drop
https://leetcode.com/problems/super-egg-drop/
1103. Distribute Candies to People
https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies-to-people/
719. Find K-th Smallest Pair Distance
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-k-th-smallest-pair-distance/
